If I wasn't already VCing like it was going out of style (and sometimes I wonder if it is) the startup I would build would be an (initially B2Cish) geolocated mobile superapp for various levels of in-person physical & cyber security. Similar to ride sharing apps where you can choose a nice luxurious black car there would be other options based on the customer needs at that specific time and place. 

Sometimes you don't need special ops or armed security and sometimes its nice to have and worth paying for as you go. Sometimes you just need a little cybersecurity remediation on the spot. Sometimes it's just nice to have someone there hanging around just in case, even if they're only slightly more trained than your basic neighborhood watch. For consumers and even some businesses who don't always pay for security or get it from their property manager it can be nice to have an on-demand enforcer who will prevent/enforce even a petty crime or prevent an ad-hoc loss.

From a cybersecurity and private physical security perspective the user would gain a magnitude of improvement in terms of peace of mind similar to having a huge line of credit that you can tap when you need it. I won't dream for the founders so they would be filling in the 1s and 0s regarding the many opportunities to leverage AI within this user experience. We could dig deep into the deep learnings and neural network rabbit holes too, so we don't simply wave the AI flag without proper flag protocol. I don't expect AI to magically solve all of the logistical problems on its own. AI can't always be expected to fine-tune itself and models don't always train themselves properly without a little reinforcement learning from human feedback. We've already started seeing how even the simplest and crudest forms of LLMs can help curate and upskill human talent and I think there are some opportunities to do knowledge transfer and simulation training for cyber and physical security beginners and professionals. And sure everyone is talking about multi-modal surveillance and threat detection and opportunities for ethical AI.

Additionally there are labor-intensity problems which similarly I don't expect swarms of drones or hoards of robots to solve on their own without proper guidance. Besides, sometimes it's nice to have a real person if that's what the user dialed up.

As you might imagine there are endless B2B / governmenty-type / public-sector-augmentor / smart cityish use-cases even though maybe it would be cool to prove it on a B2C level first (showing consumers how great we would be hypothetically doing with privacy and accountability and filtering out bad actors). 

The basic level of (im)maturity for this solution might be hackathon-grade application prototype or rough pitch-deck from a founder punching above their weight. If someone you know is building this pls let them know to hit my line because I am very interested even if the product demo isn't quite there yet. iListen@asherbond.vc
